Updating include/exclude routes and DNS server/suffixes behavior for Mac (#101454)
Azure/azure-content: articles/vpn-gateway/openvpn-azure-ad-client-mac.md

    ```
    <azvpnprofile>
    <clientconfig>
          
    	<includeroutes>
    		<route>
    			<destination>0.0.0.0</destination><mask>1</mask>
    		</route>
    		<route>
    			<destination>128.0.0.0</destination><mask>1</mask>
    		</route>
    	</includeroutes>
           
    </clientconfig>
    </azvpnprofile>
    ```

### How do I add custom routes to the VPN client?

You can modify the downloaded profile XML file and add the **\<includeroutes>\<route>\<destination>\<mask> \</destination>\</mask>\</route>\</includeroutes>** tags.

```
<azvpnprofile>
<clientconfig>

	<includeroutes>
		<route>
			<destination>x.x.x.x</destination><mask>24</mask>
		</route>
	</includeroutes>
    
</clientconfig>
</azvpnprofile>
```

### How do I block (exclude) routes from the VPN client?

You can modify the downloaded profile XML file and add the **\<excluderoutes>\<route>\<destination>\<mask> \</destination>\</mask>\</route>\</excluderoutes>** tags.

```
<azvpnprofile>
<clientconfig>

	<excluderoutes>
		<route>
			<destination>x.x.x.x</destination><mask>24</mask>
		</route>
	</excluderoutes>
    
</clientconfig>
</azvpnprofile>
```

> [!NOTE]

> > 1. The default status for clientconfig tag is <clientconfig i:nil="true" />, which can be modified based on the requirement.
> > 2. Duplicate clientconfig tag is not supported on Mac OS, hence make sure the clientconfig tag is not duplicated in the XML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The default status for clientconfig tag is <clientconfig i:nil="true" />, which can be modified based on the requirement.
> - Duplicate clientconfig tag is not supported on macOS, so make sure the clientconfig tag is not duplicated in the XML file.
```
